com/example/bevproject/databinding/ActivitySignupBinding.java
 com.example.bevproject.databinding.ActivitySignupBinding
com/example/bevproject/DBHelper.java
 com.example.bevproject.DBHelper
com/example/bevproject/databinding/SpinnerListBinding.java
 com.example.bevproject.databinding.SpinnerListBinding
com/example/bevproject/databinding/ItemArticleBinding.java
 com.example.bevproject.databinding.ItemArticleBinding
com/example/bevproject/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.bevproject.BuildConfig
com/example/bevproject/ArticleAdapter.java
 com.example.bevproject.ArticleAdapter
 com.example.bevproject.ArticleAdapter$ArticleViewClickListener
 com.example.bevproject.ArticleAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/bevproject/AuthorPage.java
 com.example.bevproject.AuthorPage
 com.example.bevproject.AuthorPage$1
com/example/bevproject/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.bevproject.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/bevproject/MyArticles.java
 com.example.bevproject.MyArticles
 com.example.bevproject.MyArticles$1
com/example/bevproject/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.example.bevproject.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
com/example/bevproject/Articles.java
 com.example.bevproject.Articles
com/example/bevproject/Users.java
 com.example.bevproject.Users
com/example/bevproject/databinding/FragmentOpinionBinding.java
 com.example.bevproject.databinding.FragmentOpinionBinding
com/example/bevproject/databinding/ActivityAuthorPageBinding.java
 com.example.bevproject.databinding.ActivityAuthorPageBinding
com/example/bevproject/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.bevproject.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/bevproject/ArticleItem.java
 com.example.bevproject.ArticleItem
 com.example.bevproject.ArticleItem$1
com/example/bevproject/MainActivity.java
 com.example.bevproject.MainActivity
com/example/bevproject/SignUp.java
 com.example.bevproject.SignUp
 com.example.bevproject.SignUp$1
 com.example.bevproject.SignUp$2
com/example/bevproject/PoliticsFragment.java
 com.example.bevproject.PoliticsFragment
 com.example.bevproject.PoliticsFragment$1
com/example/bevproject/databinding/FragmentSocialBinding.java
 com.example.bevproject.databinding.FragmentSocialBinding
com/example/bevproject/databinding/BackToolbarBinding.java
 com.example.bevproject.databinding.BackToolbarBinding
com/example/bevproject/OpinionFragment.java
 com.example.bevproject.OpinionFragment
 com.example.bevproject.OpinionFragment$1
com/example/bevproject/databinding/ActivitySubmitBinding.java
 com.example.bevproject.databinding.ActivitySubmitBinding
com/example/bevproject/databinding/HomeNavDrawerBinding.java
 com.example.bevproject.databinding.HomeNavDrawerBinding
com/example/bevproject/databinding/ActivityUserDetailsBinding.java
 com.example.bevproject.databinding.ActivityUserDetailsBinding
com/example/bevproject/databinding/MainToolbarBinding.java
 com.example.bevproject.databinding.MainToolbarBinding
com/example/bevproject/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.bevproject.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/bevproject/SocialFragment.java
 com.example.bevproject.SocialFragment
 com.example.bevproject.SocialFragment$1
com/example/bevproject/databinding/ActivityProfileBinding.java
 com.example.bevproject.databinding.ActivityProfileBinding
com/example/bevproject/databinding/FragmentPinnedBinding.java
 com.example.bevproject.databinding.FragmentPinnedBinding
com/example/bevproject/databinding/ActivityArticleBinding.java
 com.example.bevproject.databinding.ActivityArticleBinding
com/example/bevproject/databinding/FragmentPoliticsBinding.java
 com.example.bevproject.databinding.FragmentPoliticsBinding
com/example/bevproject/PinnedFragment.java
 com.example.bevproject.PinnedFragment
 com.example.bevproject.PinnedFragment$1
com/example/bevproject/databinding/ActivityMyArticlesBinding.java
 com.example.bevproject.databinding.ActivityMyArticlesBinding
com/example/bevproject/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.bevproject.HomeFragment
 com.example.bevproject.HomeFragment$1
com/example/bevproject/Login.java
 com.example.bevproject.Login
 com.example.bevproject.Login$1
com/example/bevproject/PinnedArticles.java
 com.example.bevproject.PinnedArticles
 com.example.bevproject.PinnedArticles$1
 com.example.bevproject.PinnedArticles$2
com/example/bevproject/SubmitArticle.java
 com.example.bevproject.SubmitArticle
 com.example.bevproject.SubmitArticle$1
 com.example.bevproject.SubmitArticle$2
com/example/bevproject/Home.java
 com.example.bevproject.Home
 com.example.bevproject.Home$1
 com.example.bevproject.Home$2
com/example/bevproject/UserDetails.java
 com.example.bevproject.UserDetails
 com.example.bevproject.UserDetails$1
com/example/bevproject/Profile.java
 com.example.bevproject.Profile
 com.example.bevproject.Profile$1
